Cultural Cities

Cultural Cities Remix adds diversity to the holdings and houses populating the map
Using building variants, new textures and the many combinations between them
all culture groups will get a new look for their counties.

Installation:

1.) Extract culturalcities.mod and its folder to your Documents/Paradox Interactive/Crusader Kings II/mod folder

2.) If you use overhaul mods, extract the add-on submods inside culturalcities:
      * If you use the HIP SWMH mod, play with both Cultural Cities Remix and the BLG/CC for SWMH mod.
      * If you use the HIP Extended Mechanics & Flavor mod (without SWMH), play with both Cultural Cities Remix and the BLG/CC for EMF mod.
      * If you use the CK2Plus mod, play with both Cultural Cities Remix and the BLG/CC for CK2Plus mod.
      * If you use the Game of Thrones mod, play with both Cultural Cities Remix and the BLG/CC for A Game of Thrones mod.
      * If you use the When The World Stopped Making Sense mod, play with both Cultural Cities Remix and the BLG/CC for WTWSMS mod.
      * If you use the The Winter King mod, play with both Cultural Cities Remix and the BLG/CC for The Winter King mod.
      * If you use the Lux Invicta mod, play with both Cultural Cities Remix and the BLG/CC for Lux Invicta mod.
      * If you use the Elder Kings mod, play with both Cultural Cities Remix and the BLG/CC for Elder Kings mod.
      * If you use the Tianxia: Silk Road Expansion mod, play with both Cultural Cities Remix and the BLG/CC for Tianxia mod.
      * If you use a different mod with non-standard cultures, play with both Cultural Cities Remix and the BLG/CC generic compatibility mod.
      * If you want to play for achievements, play with both Cultural Cities Remix and the CC ironman mod.

3.) If you want to only use parts of the mod:
	* The map models are in gfx\models\Settlements and interface\settlements.gfx.
    * The holding icons are in gfx\interface and interface\province_picture.gfx.
    * The prosperity and disease indicators are in interface\reapers_due_dlc.gfx.

Changelog:

01-01-2021
  Prosperity and disease indicators rescaled to match cities.
  Applied workshop dependencies fix.
  Update the submods.

20-01-2020
  Culture setup made closer to vanilla for default portrait compatibility.
  Updates for Egyptian, Coptic and Tocharian cultures.
  Updated the submods. AGOT and Tianxia added.

17-04-2019
  Update the submods.
  Make the land trade posts a more neutral colour to fit in with more places.
  Changed Chinese to South Indian castles and Byzantine houses.

08-12-2018
  Holy Fury update.
  Apply filters to holding pictures to closer fit game graphics.
  Looted holding pictures needed full graphicaltype coverage to work.
  Add new western tier 3 castle retexture.
  Use a smaller domed castle model for southern tier 2 castles.
  Roman culture now uses Byzantine holding models.
  Seperate the Hindu, Buddhist, Jain, Hellenic and East-European temple pictures.
  Fixed Cuman houses breaking unit models? No idea why.

17-04-2018
  Additional set of holding icons contributed by Adam Joseph:
  -Updated default, Norse, Muslim, Mongol, Indian and West-African pictures.
  -New Tibetan, tribal, forts, hospitals, trade post and looting pictures.
  -Optional empty holding pictures in gfx/interface/optional.
  Lower 2nd holding level threshold some more to 15.
  Change Levantine houses to a Muslim/Byzantine mix.
  Shrink trade posts and their flags.

19-11-2017
  Update to Jade Dragon.
  Add Chinese and Tibetan building combinations.
  Change steppe ports to western style.

26-04-2017
  Shuffle holding models around into tiered upgrades.
  Lower tier 2 start point.
  Set up the Dome of the Rock model that was left unused for some reason.
  Scale up tribal and nomadic models a bit.
  Decorate tier 3 Muslim Castle.
  Add new reskinned Western and Easternslavic castles.
  Use Indian city halls as Byzantine castles.

31-08-2016
  Updated to Reaper's Due culture setup.
  Updated Vipe1's Culturally different province icons.
  Set a Lombard province icon set.

04-02-2016
  Conclave update
  Rename dravidiangfx to southindiangfx.
  Bundled with Vipe1's Culturally different province icons.

12-10-2015
  2.4.4 Update
  Revert city holdings back to non-tribal use.
  Change various steppe cultures to nomadic houses.
  Change Celtic houses to tribal models.
  Scale down Dutch, Baltic, Pomeranian and Bulgarian houses a bit.

15-07-2015
  2.4 Horse Lords update.
  Switch to partial culture overrides for increased compatibility with mods and updates.
  Added tribal and nomadic buildings, no remixing yet.
  Change Italian castles to Greek church model.
  Updated unit-modding subproject.

19-11-2014
  Updated culture files.
  Fixed Norman housing.

17-10-2014
  Updated to 2.2.0.1
  Changed all city holdings used for tribal cultures.
  Reorganized western holdings around early basic forts, square romanesque castles (French/English) and gothic castles (German).
  Swapped Greek and Georgian/Armenian castles to give Greek the more advanced form.
  Changed Maghreb and steppe holdings to alternate Muslim forms.

27-05-2014
  Tweaked the scattered houses to be a bit more compact
  Replaced Alan and Baltic houses
  Tweaked Sicilian/Saxon/Maghreb/Mongol/Andalusian houses
  Renamed vanilla Norse/Eastern-European unit models to stop the conflict with DLC Norse units.
  Mixed up more vanilla unit model variations.

06-05-2014
  Added Cuman and Sogdian styles
  Changed steppe houses
  Updated cultures for easier province icon compatibility.

10-04-2014
  2.1.2 patch, cultures updated

26-03-2014
  Updated to 2.1
  Divided the Indian building models into Indian, Dravidian and Bengal.
  Indus valley gets Persian houses
  Pashtun get some Indian houses
  Southern-Slavic get Meditereanean houses

26-02-2014
  Encoding bugfix

06-02-2014
  Added Hungarian, Bulgarian, Sicilian and Pomeranian variations.
  Reorganized the graphicalculturetypes some more.
  Added CK2+ and SWHM versions.
  Shrunk houses to default size.

03-02-2014
  Picking out individual housing buildings opened up a bunch more options for variation.

30-01-2014
  Start of the remix variant
